so let's say you have a tiff with your
wife if you're operating let's say
normally in terms of your neurological
hierarchy you might say well you know
I'm just having an off day or I'm having
an off hour and it's only one little
anomaly I can safely ignore it but that
isn't what a depressive person will
think a depressive person will think oh
my God I just had another fight with my
wife I'm doing nothing but fighting with
my wife lately my marriage isn't going
very well I've always fought with my
wife too much in the past and I'm
fighting a lot with my friends I mess up
everything I do I've always messed up
everything I do I'm going to keep
messing up everything I do in the
present because that's what I'm like you
can see that an error that could have
been bounded at a low level which is
well maybe I didn't have enough to eat
in the last two hours and so I'm a
little irritable has cascaded through
the entire Hier self-conceptualization